
Solution Analysis

You solved the challenge. Now imagine that you need to present your solution to your development team. How would you describe your approach?



The object discovery process was layered and algorithmic in its nature. What do I mean by that? I followed the algorithm as it was described, and performed mental logical reductions where possible. For instance, "overlapping compounds", while interesting, is unnecessary in the final analysis.

At a high level, there are several key players in the domain: Workbench, Swaps, ExternalCompound, and, of course, Game.

Inputs or changes in state are passed through verification methods.

* Game

For increased testability, Game extends ChallengeBase, which accepts a TextReader and TextWriter. This allows for easy integration of Console.In, Console.Out, or test cases and/or report streams.

Game reads the Workbench and Swaps inputs, runs the swaps evaluations, and reports the remaining ElementalCrystals.

* Swaps

Swaps is a straightforward read-only collection. It is simple a verified collection of swap requests. Verified in the sense that the count and swaps themselves are all verified prior to running.

* Workbench

The purpose of Workbench is to manage ElementalCrystals between swap requests.

Masked compounds are "merged", that is we yield a space (blank) when at least one is present, or the crystal character itself when no spaces are present, and reduced, that is we remove the space characters. See ExternalCompound.

The crystals are only changed when there is something to change.

If there were no changes to the crystals after trying to swap the crystals in the next request then nothing is changed.

* ExternalCompound

This is the heavy lifter of the domain. Several things are going on here.

Compound organizes a the strategic static concerns of verifying the crystals themselves, keeping track of basic and reversed compounds that are used throughout the program.

Compound works from the current Crystals and a Position into the string. Candidate substring is extracted given position and at most three (3) characters, depending on the position and length of the crystal string.

Whether there is a match is evaluated based on Candidate and the BasicCompound and ReversedCompounds. Finally, the Crystals are masked depending whether a match was discovered.



What is the time complexity of your solution?

Basically O(n), where n = the number of requested Swaps.



What is the space complexity of your solution?

Basically O(1), there is only ever one workbench and one string of crystals. One might potentially consider the Swaps as being O(n).



Answer Submitted

Your answer has been successfully submitted on Fri Sep 11 2015 12:38:30 GMT-0400 (Eastern Standard Time). Please make sure to submit answers to all parts of the challenge that you complete in order to receive full scorecard.
